clarified value only available in query alert (#5554)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/notifications.md

| Variable                | Description                                                                                    |
|-------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `{{value}}`             | Display the value that breached the alert. (query alerts)                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `{{value}}`             | Display the value that breached the alert for metrics based query monitors.                                      |
```
